Extend breaking change detector to work on new required and new optional with default (#14059)
GoogleCloudPlatform/magic-modules: docs/content/breaking-changes/breaking-changes.md

  * Between complex types like changing a List to a Set.
  * Changing the field type between primitive and complex data
    types is not possible. For this scenario, field renames are preferred.
* <a name="field-optional-to-required"></a> Making an optional field required

> * <a name="no-new-required"></a> Adding a required field to a pre-existing resource or object

Reviewer: "object" isn't clear - maybe something like:

```suggestion
* <a name="no-new-required"></a> Adding a required field to a pre-existing resource at any level of nesting, unless it is being added at the same time as an optional ancestor
```

    if the change will destroy and recreate the resource due to changing an immutable value.
    Default changes in the provider are comparable in impact to default changes in an API,
    and modifying examples and modules may achieve the intended effect with a smaller blast radius.

> * <a name="no-new-optional-default"></a> Adding an optional field with a default value and force new to a pre-existing resource or object

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* <a name="no-new-optional-default"></a> Adding an optional field with a default value and force new to a pre-existing resource at any level of nesting, unless it is being added at the same time as an optional ancestor
```

  * This can be allowed if there is a confirmed API-level default that matches the schema default

>   * Please work with your reviewer and ensure this scenario is debuged carefully

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Please work with your reviewer and ensure this scenario is debugged carefully to avoid a destructive permadiff
```
